In a seedy bar in a town ravaged by war, scientist and businessman Hunt hires mercenary and former Royal Marine D.C. ([[Ray Stevenson to assemble a crack team of ex-soldiers, Prior , Jordan ([[Paul Blair , Cotter , Voytech , McKay and Taktarov , to protect him on a dangerous journey into no-man's land. Their mission is to scope out an old military bunker in Eastern Europe. It should be easy – 48 hours at the most, and highly paid. Once at the outpost, the men make a horrific discovery that turns their mission on its head – the scene of a bloody and gruesome series of experiments, carried out by the SS, in reality shifting and reanimation during World War II to create invincible soldiers. . Amidst the carnage, they find a survivor . At night, the clearing around the bunker is suddenly lit up, and silhouettes of people are seen amongst the light. Soon after, a member of their team called Tak goes missing and is gruesomely killed by an unseen foe. Later the same night Voyteche is killed by two Nazis. The next morning his and Tak's dead bodies are found linked together by the head, and Tak's containing a spent round in his skull. D.C. receives answers regarding the assignment from Hunt, which was that an unnamed corporation wanted Hunt to find and recover a large generator-like device which was responsible for the SS's reality-shifting experiments. D.C. orders Cotter to retrieve Hunt from the generator room. However, while trying to convince Hunt to come with him, an SS soldier with a pickaxe kills Cotter. It is revealed that the survivor the mercenaries recovered was actually a surviving SS brigadier general, with Prior killing the officer, the "breather" comes back to life and MacKay speaks his last words of "You're hummin' my balls!", and is killed. The mercenaries and Hunt attempt to evacuate the outpost only to be killed by the undead German army. A second corporate team arrives 72 hours later to carry out the same assignment, only to "find a breather" among the piles of naked corpses and face the illuminated soldiers surrounding the bunker, in the distance stands the brigadier general who gives the SS soldiers a nod and they begin their assault on the team before the credits roll.
