In 1815, war breaks out once more as Napoleon returns to France from exile on Elba. Richard Sharpe cannot resist the chance to finally see his enemy and breaks his promise to his French lover Lucille to fight no more. However, unlike his adulterous wife Jane , she forgives him and accompanies him to the battlefield. Sharpe then scouts far south of Quatre Bras. He spots French troops and sends a Dutch cavalryman on patrol to alert the Allied command. However, the cavalryman and his patrol are attacked and killed by French cuirassiers . Sharpe then returns to the Prince of Orange's camp. There, he is reunited with his former sergeant major and best friend, Patrick Harper , and two of his long-time "chosen men", Hagman and Harris . Sharpe finds employment as a lieutenant colonel on the staff of Prince William of Orange and makes the acquaintance of his aide de camp Colonel Rebecque . Sharpe scouts the French forces, while a contingent of Dutch musketeers holds a French column off. He then alerts Lord Wellington ([[Hugh Fraser at a ball in Brussels that Napoleon is on the move. As Sharpe is leaving, he runs into his wife and her lover, Lord Rossendale ; he chases Rossendale and causes a scene in front of the guests. He extracts a promise that he will get back the money Jane stole from him. Previously, Jane had persuaded Rossendale that he must kill her husband during the coming battle. Sharpe is sent to command the defence of a crucial farmhouse at La Haye Sainte, which is manned by the King's German Legion and the 95th Rifles. He saves a King's German Legion officer, Macduff. Believing that La Haye Sainte has fallen, Prince William orders an English regiment to form line and re-capture the farm. However, French cavalry are nearby and, with the British in exactly the wrong formation, destroy the unit and capture its colours, while Sharpe watches in disgust. Sharpe witnesses more instances of the absolute military incompetence of Prince William. The last time, it costs the lives of Harris and Hagman. Furious, Sharpe shoots the prince at long range from a secluded spot, but only succeeds in wounding him. Meanwhile, on another part of the battlefield, Rossendale is killed fighting French cuirassiers. Sharpe then rejoins his old unit, the Prince of Wales' Own Volunteers, taking over when its commanding officer, Lieutenant Colonel Ford, becomes a casualty. At the crucial point of the Battle of Waterloo, Napoleon sends in his elite Imperial Guard. Sharpe repels the last-ditch assault, much to Wellington's delight. Wellington gives Sharpe command of the regiment and tells him to pursue the retreating enemy. Whilst advancing, Sharpe glimpses Napoleon as he rides off in defeat.
