Frank Drebin is honored at the White House, where President George H. W. Bush announces that he will base his recommendation for the country's energy program on Dr. Albert Meinheimer's advice at the National Press Club dinner the following week. The heads of the coal and oil and nuclear industries are apparently distressed by this fact. Jane Spencer , now working for Dr. Meinheimer, is working late at his research institute, crying about Frank. She spots a man in a red van. A maintenance worker, emptying out garbage cans, discovers a clock with dynamite attached and takes it to the security guards, accidentally triggering it. The next morning, Frank reacquaints himself with Jane as he interviews her about the explosion. He is shown around the institute and meets Jane's boyfriend, Hexagon Oil executive Quentin Hapsburg , of whom he becomes exceedingly jealous. Frank's boss Ed Hocken ([[George Kennedy finds him at a lonely blues bar. Meanwhile, at a meeting of the "energy" industry leaders, Hapsburg reveals that he has kidnapped Dr. Meinheimer and found an exact double for him, Earl Hacker, who will give their recommendation to the President endorsing fossil and nuclear fuels. Police Squad determines the driver of the van, Hector Savage, to be connected to a sex toy shop. Frank spots the red van, assigning Nordberg the task of bugging it. Savage holes up in a home surrounded by police. Frank commandeers a tank, which he drives into the house, allowing Savage to escape. Drebin arrives at a party. After a disastrous attempt to "wheel" the Meinheimer double to the stage for a raffle drawing, Frank goes to Jane's apartment. Savage arrives with orders to kill Jane. He comes across Jane in the shower and she screams, alerting Frank to his presence. Frank sticks a fire hose in Savage's mouth and turns on the water, which continues to run until Savage apparently bursts his body from all the water pressure. Frank follows the trail to the dock of Hapsburg's oil company. Jane realizes Hapsburg's plan and asks Frank to stop him. They rediscover their love for each other. Hapsburg and the energy representatives meet in a warehouse. Frank falls through the roof while being chased by a guard dog. They tie up Frank with the real Dr. Meinheimer. Police Squad frees them. They go to the hotel where Dr. Meinheimer is to make his recommendation to the President. Frank, Nordberg, Ed and the real Meinheimer get into the building by appropriating a costume and instruments from a Mariachi band due to perform at the hotel. Drebin encounters Hacker, who attacks him. Football players from the Chicago Bears appear and, believing Frank to be attacking a defenseless man, proceed to wheel away Hacker while attacking Frank. Ed and Meinheimer arrive to disable Hacker, who is arrested. During the confusion, Drebin mistakes Meinheimer for the fake, permitting Hapsburg to escape with Jane. Hapsburg plans to set off a small nuclear device which will kill everyone, so it will not matter what Meinheimer says in his speech. Frank disarms him and Ed throws Hapsburg out from the window. Hapsburg manages to survive the fall thanks to an awning, only to be attacked by a lion. Frank frees Jane and they attempt to disarm the bomb while Ed and Nordberg evacuate the hotel. After several failed attempts, Frank finally manages to disarm the bomb at the last second by tripping over the power cord, unplugging it. Drebin is commended by the President, who offers him a special post as head of the Federal Bureau of Police Squad. He declines, instead asking Jane to marry him, which she accepts. They go out to a balcony, where they accept commendations from the crowd. Frank spins around and accidentally knocking Barbara Bush off the balcony. She manages to hold on, although in an attempt to help her, Frank pulls off her dress.
