Ganesh is an auto driver and a kindhearted man, who goes out of his way to earn money to help the poor and the needy. Ganesh likes to be in limelight.Knowing well that the media would sensationalize anything that is to do with popular people in the city, he kidnaps a businessman, and in another instance he implicates and submits himself to the police for a murder of an MLA that he does not commit. While he draws maximum publicity in the media, he creates a miserable life for the police. By his repeated pranks, Ganesh establishes himself as a person crazy only for publicity.People begin to call him 'Publicity' Ganesh. Devanayaki owns a restaurant, and several autos run in her name in the local area. She is head over heels in love with Ganesh. She goes about wooing him. In most of her screen time she is singing and dancing with Ganesh. Meanwhile, Anjali approaches Ganesh to act in her ad films in return for handsome money. But in true sprite she plays an undercover to investigate Ganesh's past. Ganesh has a sorrow past. His past life and the reason for his current deeds are told in a flash back. Ganesh's father is an upright person. He works as a clerk in a collectorate in a coastal village. A natural disaster strikes that area, and leaves many homeless in its wake. To ameliorate their problems, government allocates Rs. 20 crore to help the affected people rehabilitate. But the local assistant collector , the local MLA, and the local SP together siphon off the grant, even while pretending to protect the best interest of the people. Ganesh's father comes to know about the trio's involvement behind the heist, and vows to expose them to the public. But the 'representatives of authority' frames false charges and deceitfully turns the public outrage against the clerk. In a melee, Ganesh's family is burnt alive. Ganesh escapes to the city, and avenges the death of his family. How Ganesh deceptively orchestrates the killing of the shenanigans is told lucidly in the remaining part of the story.
