Phir Kabhi targets the heart of its audience. It is all about emotions. It is a sensitive tale of Love . There are many moments in the film where one may realize the meaning behind the saying, crying while laughing and laughing also while crying. How both the phenomena happen together can be witnessed via few moments of this film. Film rides over the successive sequences of light and sensitive scenes. At one moment something light, humorous and lively is happening on screen and a smile is flowing on the lips of the characters and audiences also and all of a sudden it’s followed by a very intense and sensitive sequence and not only characters pass through sad moments but audiences may also feel the impact of those onscreen happenings. Those who want to see one of the best performances of Mithun Chakraborty, may watch the film for that purpose. New actors may learn from his performance, how to cover a vast range of emotions while playing a character. Light and camera departments have performed very well. Sound though hears loud at some places. Students of cinematography may watch the film for very good work performed by Nataraja Subramanian. Cinematography is fascinating. One very attractive scene, he has captured, is where Mithun and Tinnu Anand are shown standing at sea shore Film swings between present, memories of the past and dreams of future and editor, Mahesh Narayan, has driven the vehicle of this mixing in such a smooth manner that eyes and attention of an audience may not even realize that a gear has been changed. A kind of perfection is there. This is not just another love story of senior citizens. It has its own merits. Story may look familiar but expansion of the story through the events is interesting. A couple lives a married life together for 40–50 years and then one dies and leaves other to spend rest of the years of his/her life alone. One becomes habitual of other’s presence in every single minute of the life and all of a sudden that person is not here. Person has gone but other person’s dependency on him/her has not been vanished. How to handle this loneliness? “Death is quite an honest enemy, it does not accept friendship. It kills but it kills for once and all. Loneliness is a fastidious enemy. One extends the hands of friendship towards it and it becomes more strangely stern in attitude. It kills one all the time again and again. It kills at home, at market place and it does not spare one at temples also. At an old age it becomes difficult to fight with the loneliness. An old train moves slowly and it follows the discipline of go-stop-go. It stops at such stations also where if one looks outside the window then he finds silence all over. If he gets a signal to go ahead a person goes ahead. “ Mithun says abovementioned monologue before the mirror in his bedroom and film is based upon the meaning of this monologue. Mithun will simply move the audience in the scene where he gets up early in the morning and finds a cigarette kept by his wife, Rati Agnihotri, on the side table of his bed. He leaves the bed, picks up the cigarette and calls for his wife. He is very happy. He is overwhelmed by the loving care which his wife showers upon him. He wants to share this happiness with his wife. Everything is bringing a smile to the audience but after a few seconds only whole atmosphere is changed into a gloomy one and Mithun had to create two exactly opposite atmospheres and he does this job very effectively. A terrific performance he has given in these moments and throughout the film he remains the main source from whom this film gets its maximum strength. He has created many very good moments in the film. Another remarkable scene is where he is searching his watch and he forgets that Rati is dead now and cries upon realizing it. His grand daughter comes there and he conceals his tears from her. Another gem of a scene is where he tells Kitu Gidvani that he will not meet or write Dimple ever. Plot takes some inspiration from the mythological tale of Radha and Krishna. In short, Mithun’s first love is Dimple but situations separate them in school time only. Later he marries Rati and after her death only he again comes in contact with Dimple. Two old lovers, who are suffering from loneliness, try to search solace in each others company which is not initially acceptable to Mithun’s daughter in law. An entire new generation remains devoid of the pleasure of writing and reading the letters and this film at least shows the use of this old and now obsolete but very good communication method. Feelings may be conveyed by the email also but to read something in sender’s own hand writing certainly enhances the impact of the words. Words carry more emotions through hand written letters than email or printed greeting cards. Dimple Kapadia adequately supports the film. So do Gulshan Grover and Kittu Gidvani. Tinnu Anand, his Lambretta scooter and his self made CIA theory all the three things are among the other attractive features of the film. Rimoh Chakraborty, plays the younger version of Mithun’s character and he seems to inherit some good percentage of his father’s vast acting talent. He may carry Mithun Chakraborty’s flag ahead in the acting profession. The girl who has played the young version of Dimple Kapadia’s character, acted very well. Rati Agnihotri in a role consists of a few scenes only makes her presence noticeable. Film has got some very good and meaningful dialogues. Nishan pehchan to bata sakte hain, haalaat nahin. Naram panee ke neeche itane sakht patthar kaise ho sakte hain Ganga mere aur Laxmi ke saath hamesha rahee par hamre beech kabhin nahin rahee Tum hansaya na karo … tum dard chhipaya na karo Film gives a best possible and a very beautiful tribute to Dev/Vijay Anand’s classic film Guide’s song Aaj Phir jeene ki tamannna hai. And what the heck, only Shahrukh Khans are not eligible to ride on a train in a true filmi manner, an aged lover, played by Mithun Chakraborty like veteran actor, can also do it and he can even handle the emotional scenes followed by this bravery with far more effectiveness! Shantanu Moitra recycles old tunes to create almost all the songs here though it feels good to listen one of the songs in Bhupendra’s voice.
