{{In-universe}} Seymour S. Sassafrass, an eccentric, yet friendly peddler, and inventor, tells the tale of Peter Cottontail, a young Easter Bunny who lives in April Valley, where the Chief Easter Bunny supervises such Easter items as colored eggs and chocolate candy. Colonel Wellington B. Bunny, the retiring Chief Easter Bunny, names young Peter his successor despite Peter's propensity for boasting and telling fibs, which is exemplified when his left ear droops. Peter, who has dreamed of being the Chief Easter Bunny almost his entire life, gladly accepts. But not everyone in April Valley is happy with the Colonel's decision. January Q. Irontail, an evil, reclusive rabbit villain who lives in a craggy old tree, alone except for his assistant, a bat named Montresor, wants to be the Chief Easter Bunny... but only so he can ruin it for children everywhere, as revenge for the loss of his tail, which was run over by a small child who rollerskated over his fluffy tail , and replaced with an iron prosthesis. Because the constitution of April Valley says only the rabbit who delivers the most eggs on Easter morning can be Chief Easter Bunny, Irontail proposes that Colonel Bunny hold a contest between himself and Peter to see who wins. Peter, eager to prove his worth, accepts Irontail's challenge even as Colonel Bunny is preparing to turn the evil rabbit down. Although Peter promises the Colonel that he won't fail, he stays up late partying with his friends. Though he sets his rooster to wake him up at 5:30 AM, Irontail sabotages his friend by giving it magical "corn flavored" bubblegum. The magic gum causes the rooster's crows to float so far away that Peter can't hear them, resulting in Peter sleeping through and losing the contest. Even though the unfriendly Irontail manages to deliver only one egg, it's still one more egg than Peter delivers and so Irontail is named the new Chief Easter Bunny, as per the constitution. Immediately, Irontail begins to wreck Easter by passing ridiculous new laws that will doubtless make the entire holiday a complete disaster. Meanwhile, Peter, ashamed that his overconfidence and irresponsibility led to this tragedy, leaves April Valley in disgrace and shame. He happens upon Seymour S. Sassafrass, who is also the friendly man who supplies April Valley with the dyes it uses to color its Easter eggs. He gets them from his "Garden of Surprises", which includes red, white, and blue cabbages, purple corn, striped tomatoes, and orange string beans. Proving to be a very compassionate and understanding man , Sassafrass offers to let Peter use his latest invention, the Yestemorrowmobile, a time machine. With the help of its pilot, a French caterpillar named Antoine, Peter will be able to go back to Easter and retake the contest. Unfortunately, Irontail finds out about Peter's plan and sends his spider to sabotage the Yestemorrowmobile's controls, thereby making it so that Peter and Antoine can go to any holiday but Easter! While Antoine tries to fix the machine, they find out that the rules of the contest, however, don't specifically say the eggs must be delivered on Easter, so Peter begins trying to give his eggs away at other holidays, without success. But Peter continues to attempt to persevere in his quest, even though no one seems to want eggs on any holiday except Easter. Along the way, he rescues Bonnie, a talking Easter bonnet, during Christmas Eve and meets Donna, a lovely girl bunny with whom he briefly celebrates Valentine's Day. Antoine gets left behind accidentally in a town back on Christmas Eve. But Peter's biggest problem is still Irontail and Montresor the bat; who are always trying to steal the eggs, or otherwise sabotage Peter's efforts , eventually succeeding in turning the eggs a mottled green color. After one final failed attempt to pitch the green eggs on Washington's Birthday, he finally manages to give them away on St. Patrick's Day, since they are the appropriate color for the occasion. As a result, Peter is crowned Chief Easter Bunny, and Antoine returns as a butterfly; Peter also goes and delivers a new batch of Easter eggs to the characters from the other respective holidays. And while everyone marches down the bunny trail in a big Easter Parade, Irontail gets demoted to Janitor of the April Valley Sanitation Department. In the end of the film, all of the characters say "Happy Easter Day!"
