Notorious of its unpeace, the South district is ruled by five gangs. The five leaders, Jimmy , Coffee ([[Paul Wong , Jupiter , Sand and Man Ching share the same power over the area. Seemingly, everything remains calm, each gang owning its territory and conflicts rarely rising in-between. However, as Jimmy's wife Cheung Wah is so talented in managing their business which has been expanding in recent years, gradually they are the most affluent among all. Adversely, Man Ching is facing down turn of his empire, business shrinking in scale and its power narrowing down. While the gangs are active in underground trade, the police are desperately looking forward to just one chance. Now it is time for them to take a strike. One night, when Jimmy is dining with seniors, a young man armed himself with a gun fires several big shots to his head. Knowing that, Cheung Wah stops all business dealing at once and appoints Po , Jimmy's right hand, to dig out the backhand but keep things quiet. Meanwhile, as Jimmy is still in a coma, dispute spreads over the five gangs, grabbing this shot to override others' territories. Violence sprawling over the East district, bloodshed is inevitable. With efforts Po finally drags the killer out from Sand's place. Cheung Wah flies back from Thai right away to take the lead. Wandering in the still street in the midnight, Po can sense the weirdness around where policemen are missing out unusually. In fact, they are already stationed at the airport and are expecting Wah's back. The battle between justice and darkness is about to begin. The Blu-ray Disc release of Rebellion included an alternate ending, which showed Cheung Wah as an undercover cop, differing from that of the original ending, which showed Cheung Wah being arrested at the end of the film. It also featured a different opening than that of the DVD version. Other differences from the movie includes the complete replacement of Po as the undercover cop with Cheung Wah, extended gang-fight scenes, and an extension in the scene where Po tries to gain entrance to Sand's territories.
