The film opens with a shot of a barefooted woman, Zoe, rapidly descending a flight of stairs, baby in hand, and three other children in tow. Dressed in only a nightgown, Zoe pounds on a neighbour's door where she gets into a physical altercation with the neighbour. As her children witness the incident, she screams 'No one hits my kids and gets away with it.' Tensions remain high as the two women and their children shout at one another and hurl insults. At Zoe's prompting, herself and her children make obscene gestures to the neighbour. They all head home, with the children asking for chips. A man then pulls up in a car and is curious as to who the children are. Zoe tells him that they belong to a mate of hers and she is just looking after them. He asks her if she would like to go for a drink. Zoe is a bit hesitant at first and she agrees to meet him at the pub that evening. Zoe reveals to her children that the man's name is David and her children seem excited about this, as there is the allusion to 'David' Beckham. . They return to their home and Zoe attempts to find a sitter for the children. She is unsuccessful in her attempt. As she speaks to her friend on the phone, she feeds sugar to her children, telling them to 'share it out, not too much.' Zoe then notices a wasp flying near one of her windows, which she opens to release it. The next scene shows Zoe wearing an extremely short skirt. She is accompanied by her children who ask where she is going, to which she replies that she is going to the pub. She tries to placate her children by telling them that there will probably be other kids there. Zoe promises her children that she will buy them something to eat at the pub. After all, their last meal consisted of pure sugar. When they arrive at their destination, Zoe leaves her children outside the pub to fend for themselves. She enters the pub in order to look for David. She eventually catches his eye; he is playing pool. David states that since Zoe is 'one of those modern girls,' she should purchase the first round of drinks herself. A reluctant Zoe goes up to the bar and orders drinks. It is clear that she is strapped for cash as she constantly amends her order in order to have the cheapest possible option. Meanwhile, her children attempt to amuse themselves outside of the pub. Zoe brings them crisps and a glass of Coke. Her children are upset because Zoe did not bring them chips. She attempts to entertain them by dancing and singing. Zoe instructs her oldest child, Kelly, not to come in and get her unless it is a real emergency. That being said, she enters the pub once again to see David with whom Zoe then plays pool. In the next few shots, we witness the children amusing themselves by playing outside the pub and entertaining one another. Meanwhile back in the pub, Zoe and David are becoming well acquainted with one another. Zoe seems oblivious to the fact that her children are bored and waiting outside the pub. She seems focussed upon the fact that she is having a good time and is oblivious to the needs of her children. The female patrons of the pub are exceptionally critical of her behaviour and say that she will not be laughing when she has her kids taken off her by Social Services. When Zoe checks on her children, who have been waiting outside the pub for hours, they are not pleased that Zoe wants to spend more time with David. They are bored, starved, and want to go home. David then emerges from the pub. Zoe and David spend some time getting to know one another in David's car. They begin to kiss and the camera cuts to Zoe's baby crying. It is obvious that the children are very hungry and want to go home. Four males exit the pub, one of whom drops some chips and ribs which Kelly eagerly picks up and shares with her siblings. Things then become quite heated between David and Zoe, who indulge in their passions in David's car while Zoe's children forage for food. Matters between David and Zoe are interrupted when one of her children emits an ear piercing shriek. Zoe then extricates herself from the car when she hears her child's cry. She then witnesses a wasp crawling into her baby's mouth and pleads 'don't sting him.' The wasp flies away and Zoe becomes enraged when she notices that there are remnants of ribs around her baby's mouth. Zoe responds by violently shaking Kelly and screams: 'I told you to look after him, didn't I?' After chastising Kelly, the family then embraces and Zoe apologises. The next shot shows the children eating in David's car and Zoe looking very troubled. David indicates to Zoe that he wants to have a chat. The last shot of the movie show David's car driving away and Zoe's children singing 'Hey! Baby.'
