Rajesh previously was a motorcycle stuntman in a circus and now turned into a thief- expert in breaking open treasuries. In one such robbery, he is being watched by a jolly but shrewd police inspector Amjad Khan . Sheela is a gorgeous disco club dancer & singer. Both Rajesh and Sheela are in love with each other. But Rajesh has not disclosed to Sheela that he is a thief. An evil brother-sister duo- Vikram and Jwaala seek revenge against crime boss Rakka who cheated Jwaala and siphoned her money. Therefore they hire Rajesh to break open Rakka's treasury and steal back the money. Vikram pays Rajesh a token amount to do the job. But suddenly Inspector Amjad Khan arrests Rajesh and the court sentences Rajesh to 2 years imprisonment. Sheela is devastated after she realizes Rajesh was a thief. Meanwhile, Amar is an ace crime member in Rakka's gang who revolts against Rakka. He is a widower with a daughter Tina studying in a boarding school. However before quitting Rakka's gang, Amar has committed a crime wearing a mask and Inspector Amjad Khan is investigating that case. Once Amar saves Sheela from a gang of rowdy bikers. They meet regularly as Sheela likes Amar's daughter Tina. Soon Amar begins to love Sheela who does not reciprocate because she still loves Rajesh. Amar realizes Sheela is not interested and does not proceed. Rajesh completes his jail sentence. While returning, he meets Vikram who again reminds him of the deal to rob Rakka. During the conversation, Amar incidentally reaches the site and a fist fight ensues between Amar and Vikram. While fleeing, Vikram swears revenge against Amar. Thus Rajesh and Amar meet for the first time. Rajesh takes Amar to introduce to Sheela but both Sheela and Amar pretend as if they do not know each other since they don't want Rajesh to unecessarily suspect them. Later Vikram's goons kidnap Amar's daughter and beat Amar who is hospitalized. In return for Amar and his daughter's safety, Rajesh agrees to do Vikram's job. He nurses Amar back to normalcy and soon they turn thick friends. Amar promises Rajesh he will support him in this one last robbery. They plan to shift to London after the robbery with the money. They concoct a scheme whereby Amar would steal gold bars and jewellery from a safe, then phone the police, let Rajesh take over, get arrested, get a prison term for about 12 to 18 months. After his release, he will join Amar in the U.K. Things don't go according to plan as Rajesh gets arrested for killing Rakka while Amar and Sheela reach London with the money. Rajesh construes that Amar deliberately framed him so that he can get Rajesh out of the way, keep all the money for himself. Rajesh escapes from jail and reaches London to apprehend Amar. After a brief tussle between the two, Rajesh realizes the truth and that Amar did not frame him. Vikram and his goons reach London to take revenge against Rajesh and Amar. In the climax of the movie, Amar sacrifices his life to save Rajesh from getting killed by Vikram.
