The crew of a deep ocean station "DeepStar Six", which is funded by the Navy, is expected to perform scientific studies as well as install an underwater missile silo. While checking on the area they are to build the silo, they discover an underwater cave created by magma. The cave is supposedly millions of years old. Their marine biologist, Dr. Scarpelli wants to study the cave, but Dr. Van Gelder does not wish to jeopardize the DeepStar project and wants to destroy the cave instead. After Osborne and Hodges blast the cave open, they send in an unmanned vehicle, which is mysteriously lost; they search for the pod in a small submarine when they are attacked by a mysterious creature. Joyce Collins loses contact and tells Snyder to get help, but before he can the station is attacked by the same creature and begins to slowly flood and gradually slide towards a nearby chasm. Captain Laidlaw and McBride try to rescue them, but are attacked by the same creature. Only McBride and Joyce escape; Laidlaw's spine is crushed, so he stays behind and commits suicide by flooding the station. After four deaths and the functional loss of the station, their command gives the green light to abandon the site. They first must secure the missiles, though; since Cpt. Laidlaw is dead, Snyder is ordered to follow procedures based on preset computer instructions. Because the creature was "very aggressive" Snyder reports the cause as "aggression" so the computer orders the missiles be detonated. Snyder follows the orders without question. The resulting shockwave damages the station and they are forced to abandon it . They first must decompress before heading to the surface. Unfortunately, the decompression chamber was also damaged. The crew figures out a way to maintain pressure so they can safely leave, but while Richardson is sent to repair external damage he is again attacked by the sea creature, a huge reptilian/crustacean with crab claws and a reptilian tail. Richardson manages to get back into the airlock but almost immediately water gushes in, followed by the creature, who rips Richardson in half. Scarpelli, in shock over his death, is attacked next while the remaining crew head to higher ground to arm themselves. Snyder gets a harpoon gun while the rest of the crew use shotguns. They have to complete repairs to the station in order to leave and so they re-enter the flooded area and throw lights to distract the creature . When the creature emerges from the water, Van Gelder inadvertently backs into Snyder's weapon and is punctured with a carbon dioxide charge, which explodes. Snyder becomes mentally unstable as his guilt has made him erratic. He panics when he hallucinates a dead Van Gelder coming at him. Dr. Norris gives him something to calm his nerves, but it is not enough; he has a complete breakdown and comandeers the one emergency escape pod. Snyder heads to the surface without adjusting to the pressure; he "explodes" during his rapid ascent. Meanwhile Dr. Norris, McBride, and Joyce are stuck so McBride risks swimming to the mini-sub in complete darkness and silence, to use it as an escaping pod. The creature attacks Dr. Norris and Collins, cornering them. Joyce manages to escape to the decompression chamber; Dr. Norris distracts the creature and tells Joyce to leave. Dr. Norris then holds live defibrillator paddles in the water and fires a strong electric shock; she dies in the process but the creature is also supposedly killed. After Collins and McBride finish decompressing, they leave in a mini-sub just before the reactor explodes. When they reach the surface they inflate a life raft, but the creature suddenly attacks them. McBride dives into the water while Joyce stays on the raft. He spills the mini-sub's fuel and ignites it with a flare gun. The sub explodes, finally killing the creature. Joyce believes that McBride is dead, but he surfaces nearby, having dived below the water and the exploding sub. They start rowing across the ocean, waiting for a navy rescue team to arrive.
