Read It and Weep begins with freshmen Jameson Bartlett , who has three best friends, named Connor , Lindsay , and Harmony ,a brother named Lenny Bartlett and an enemy named Sawyer Sullivan , whose boyfriend Marco is the object of Jamie's affection. She also owns a tablet PC which she writes in every day. In that journal she writes about a character named "Isabella," or "Is" , a popular girl with incredible powers based loosely on herself. Jamie uses her alter-world to write her feelings about her classmates, friends, and her life. As an English assignment, she has to write an essay of her choice. Her printer dies and Lenny refuses to let her use his. Lindsay offers to print the essay if Jamie emails it to her, but she accidentally sends her the journal. After Lindsay turns the journal in for the English assignment, it wins a writing contest. Jamie's book attracts a lot of publicity and eventually becomes a bestseller. She appears at many book signings, reality TV shows and is often interviewed. Soon, success gets the better of Jamie; she becomes increasingly materialistic and critical of the world around her, quitting her job at her father's pizza place, ridiculing her brother's guitar playing, and favoring fame over her friends. Her newfound popularity is dashed when she reveals on a television interview that the antagonist of her novel is based on Sawyer. As Jamie's classmates learn that the book was based on Jamie's negative feelings toward her school, she wishes to restore her relationships but her friends are unwilling to trust her again. Her friends begin to reject and avoid her. When she logs into a chat room, one-by-one each person who was originally logged on, logs off as soon as they see her, except for her friend Connor. When she asks him if he hates her, he responds "I only hate what you've become." Jamie then realizes her mistakes, and also discovers some hidden feelings for Connor. Connor writes a positive letter to the editor. When it appears in the school paper the next day, she thinks it was Marco, not Connor. Connor then becomes jealous. To make up for her mistakes, she apologizes to her brother, Lenny, encouraging him to take up his guitar playing once more, despite what she'd said. Jamie overhears her parents' conversation about having to close down the pizza parlor, and Jamie feels guilty. As she is getting ready for the school dance, Jamie confronts Is, a figment of her imagination who tries to make Jamie like she is and acts as the main antagonist of the movie , and tells her to stop. She then goes to the dance, where she tries to apologize to everyone. They do not accept her apology at first, but gradually do after learning the book was really Jamie's personal journal. Jamie finds Connor just as he is leaving. She asks for his forgiveness and they kiss. They walk back into the dance, where Lenny performs a song dedicated to Jamie. After the dance, which was ocean-themed, Jamie invites everyone to eat at her parents' pizza parlor. When Lenny rushes into the kitchen to help cook the pizza, his jacket, which was covered in seaweed from the dance, accidentally lands on some of the pizzas, covering them in seaweed. When the pizza is delivered to the customers, they love it, and Jamie's father finally figures out the secret of how to save their business, ending the film on a happy note.
