On the island of Amity, sheriff Martin Brody, the hero of previous shark attacks, has died from a heart attack. His wife, Ellen Brody , thinks it was from fear of the shark. She now lives with their son Sean and his fiancee Tiffany . Sean works as a police deputy and is sent to clear a log from a buoy a few days before Christmas. As he does so, a massive great white shark bursts out of the water, rips off his arm, and then pulls him under the surface and kills him, sinking his boat in the process. Ellen is convinced that the shark targeted Sean on purpose. She decides to go to the Bahamas to spend time with her older son Michael , his wife Carla ([[Karen Young , and their five-year-old daughter Thea . There, Ellen meets carefree airplane pilot Hoagie . Michael&nbsp;– along with partners Jake , William, and Clarence – work as marine biologists. At one point, the shark that killed Sean unexpectedly appears and attempts "devouring" their boat but fails. The crew decides to keep quiet about the shark's presence due to Ellen's attempts of convincing Michael to find a job on land. Ellen becomes so obsessive that she starts having nightmares of being attacked by a shark. Then she starts getting psychic feelings when the shark attacks Michael. She and the shark seem to share a strange connection that is unexplained. The crew decides to attach a device to the shark that would track its heartbeat. Using chum to attract the beast, Jake stabs the device's tracking pole into the beast's side. The next day, Michael is chased by the shark and barely manages to escape unharmed, and soon enough, Thea goes on an inflatable banana boat with her friend Margaret and her mother. During Carla Brody's speech about her sculpture ... the shark suddenly attacks, kills Margaret's mother and scares Thea. Ellen Brody is horrified by the event and, to end the farce, goes on Jake's boat. She intends to sacrifice herself to stop the killing. Michael soon returns home and lets the truth slip about the shark, which doesn't turn out well. Michael and Jake are eventually flown by Hoagie to look for Ellen and they find her and the shark in pursuit of her boat. Hoagie lands the plane on the water, ordering Michael and Jake swim to the boat as the shark drags the plane and Hoagie underwater. Michael was upset with Ellen for putting herself in danger, and Ellen apologized for worrying him. Much to Ellen Brody's disbelief, Hoagie survives. Jake and Michael hastily put together an explosive powered by electrical impulses. Michael and Jake go back up on deck and begin blasting the shark with the impulses, which begin to drive the shark mad. As Jake moves to the front of the boat, the shark is absent until it unexpectedly lunges out from the water, giving it the chance to pull Jake under and maul him, although he manages to get the explosive into the shark's mouth before he is dragged under and attacked. Michael continues to blast the shark with the impulses, causing it to rise out of the water again, igniting the bomb right as Ellen thrusts the broken bowsprit into its stomach. The shark explodes upon impact and the front of the ship sinks to the bottom of the sea with the creature's corpse. Michael then hears Jake, severely injured but alive, floating in the water, and the four survive the harsh encounter and make it back to land. The film concludes as Hoagie flies Ellen back to Amity Island.
