Ava , a marriage counselor, is getting married to Charlie , after being inspired by the 30 year marriage of her parents, Bradley and Betty . Six weeks after her wedding, as Ava and her younger sister Shelby are preparing a guest list for their parents surprise 30th wedding anniversary, their parents appear at Ava's office arguing with one another. Betty reveals to Ava that Bradley had an affair 25 years ago, and declares that she wants a divorce. When Ava tries to counsel them, they refuse because she is their daughter and much less maritally experienced. Ava decides to try and save her parents' marriage. When her mother refuses to live with her father, she moves her father into her house, without consulting Charlie. Charlie is upset because Ava didn't ask him first. She apologizes to Charlie and promises that her father will only stay with them for a short period. Their friend, Gerber, suddenly shows up at their door with his new Polish wife, Kasia, whom he had met the night before in a bar. Gerber tells Ava about Charlie’s first marriage ten years ago, which she didn't know about. The revelation upsets Ava, and Charlie apologies for not telling her about it earlier. He explains that it took place under the influence of alcohol when he was 22 years old, and only lasted for a few weeks. Due to Ava’s father living with them, and her obsessing over trying to repair her parents' marriage, Ava & Charlie’s own marriage deteriorates because they are not having sex. Ava sends her parents to a different counselor, who suggests that they follow the “death break” therapy - no contact with one another so that they feel the absence, and therefore value each other, which is supposed to bring them closer together. Ava knows that this therapy only works over long periods of time, which, due to the party, she doesn’t have. She decides to take them to another counselor, along with Charlie. During one of the exercises, one spouse climbs a rock tower while the other spouse holds the rope which helps build trust between the partners. During the exercise, Ava's parents get into an argument and her father leaves the rope, leaving Betty suspended in air calling for help. Ava leaves her own rope, which is supporting Charlie, and tries to help her mother, which results in Charlie falling, injuring his back and neck. Ava apologizes, but he warns her that her distracted behavior is causing a increasing gulf between them. In secret, Ava continues planning the 30th anniversary surprise party. However, her mother throws a wrench in her plans and tells Ava that she is leaving on a trip to South Asia in 10 days for six months. Ava feels that her plan to bring her parents back together is failing, so she decides to play a trick on them in a last-ditch effort. She enlists Charlie to take her father out for a men's night and bring him back to the house later. Charlie takes her father to a bar where Gerber meets them. Much to Charlie's chagrin, Gerber takes them to a stripper club. At the club, the men drink excessively and Bradley enjoys the strip club’s dancers. Gerber tells Bradley that, because he is rich, he can marry a young, hot girl from Europe. Charlie and Bradley are drunk when they reach home where Ava is waiting with her mother. Under the influence of Gerber's advice, a drunken Bradley tells Betty that she can leave because he wants to marry one of the young European girls, which effectively destroys Ava's plan. Ava gets angry with Charlie for his childish behavior, which spoiled her last chance to bring her parents together. In response, Charlie complains that their lack of a sex life is caused by Ava's excessive determination to avoid her parents' inevitable divorce. Shelby decides to take Betty to a Speed Dating party so that she can meet other men. During the party, Betty meets many men, but realizes that none can replace her husband. Meanwhile, at Ava's, Bradley asks Ava to give him some pills to help him sleep. Ava concedes, and tells her father to take two pills, but he takes three and falls dead asleep. Then, Ava deviously flushes away the rest of pills in the toilet and calls an ambulance, claiming that her father took all of the sleeping pills of the bottle in a suicide attempt. The paramedics take Bradley to the hospital where he is admitted. Then, Ava calls her mother and informs her that Bradley tried to commit suicide after losing her. Betty rushes to the hospital where Ava and Charlie are already waiting. Bradley's doctor tells them that he hadn't, in fact, taken many of the pills and that he'll be fine. Betty goes in to Bradley’s room where they reunite, and Betty tells Bradley that she realized that in spite of their disagreements, he is the best man she'd ever known. Charlie asks Ava about the number of pills Bradley had taken, and she admits that she had created the whole incident in an attempt to bring her parents together. Charlie is upset by this and yells at Ava for her manipulative behavior, and for not telling him about her plan, after which he storms out of the hospital. When Ava and Shelby are about to leave the hospital, they discover that Bradley had produced a son from the affair that Bradley didn't know about. However, Betty has forgiven Bradley and welcomes his son into the family. Later that night, when Ava reaches home, she discovers that Charlie had left, leaving a note saying that he is “staying at Gerber's… need some time.” The next day, Ava goes in to Charlie’s office to apologize for her actions, and asks him to come back home. He replies that “he can't answer that right now”. She invites him to her parents' 30th anniversary party, which is now back on, but he declines, saying that he isn't in the mood for celebrating. Upon hearing this, Ava becomes enraged and accuses Charlie of having an affair with his secretary, Adriana. He denies that there is an affair, questions her motives for marrying him, suggesting that perhaps she had only done so to boost her career and lend credibility to her marriage counseling business. Ava is stunned, and leaves when Charlie takes a business call. The next day, Gerber kicks Charlie out because Kasia’s parents, two brothers, and three cousins are on their way for a visit. Charlie is surprised to hear Gerber talk to his wife in Polish, and questions him. Gerber says that if you love someone and want to live a successful married life, you have to accept and respect their family as well. At her parents' house, Ava asks her father for a drink so that she can keep herself in control during the Anniversary party, still reeling from the breakdown of her own marriage. Then, she takes her parents to the party, where they are surprised and pleased. Ava, who is sitting alone thinking about her ruined married, is approached by Shelby, who is worried about her and asks where Charlie is, to which Ava replies, “I don’t think he is going to make it.” Shelby gets upset, and tells Ava that she only has herself to blame for her failing marriage, as she neglected Charlie in her quest to save her parents' marriage, first denying her husband sex and then baselessly accusing him of adultery. Ava apologizes and admits that she isn't perfect and may not know everything about marriage. Shelby responds that she should say that to Charlie, at which Ava rushes out of the party to find Charlie, but meets him as he's on the way in to find her. She apologizes for her behavior and they renew their wedding vows. When Charlie asks Ava if she wants to go back in to the party, she suggests they consummate their marriage instead. At the end of the film, footage is shown of Charlie with his and Ava's baby daughter laughing.
