Jordan Sands, is an allergy-prone, awkward, nerdy 17-year-old girl forced to be the woman of the house after her mother’s death and has often been bullied by popular girls Ashley Edwards and Tiffany . Her embittered widower father David is struggling to make ends meet while her younger brother Hunter drives his family crazy with gory pranks. Their financial woes may be relieved when they inherit their Great Uncle Dragomir Ducovic’s castle in Wolfsberg, Romania. After arriving in Wolfsberg during Moonlight Mania which honors the famous Wolfsberg Beast, they meet the strange and steely housekeeper of the castle Madame Varcolac , which strangely, everytime someone utters her name, a wolf is heard howling. Having spent most of her life as the Wolfsberg Manor housekeeper, Madame Varcolac discourages David from selling the property, but real estate agent Paulina Von Eckberg has other plans in mind and begins dating David to win him over. The Sands’ strange visit soon goes awry when a freak lab accident in which a vial of LB-217 was broken and Jordan accidentally steps on it. After Hunter removes the vial shard from the sole of Jordan's foot, Jordan starts to develop a transformation into a werewolf, signs such as the desire to eat meat, play with dogs, and she begins growing fur that continuously regrows even after waxing & her getting new irises that are lighter blue as wolf eyes. Hunter's paranormal expert friends claim Jordan has to be a werewolf and explain that Jordan had 3 ways: Having a bloodline werewolf, getting bitten or being infected by werewolf blood & they explain that LB-217 was an old Latin term for werewolf blood by the ancient Greek king, Lycaon, who caused the lycanthropy myth. Succumbing to the changes, Jordan becomes graceful, athletic, and self-confident as well as being able to see without her glasses. Jordan's dark side is dangerous to others and the change befuddles her new suitor Goran , the town’s young attractive butcher. Her first transformation occurred after her date with Goran where she almost attacks Hunter before David comes home causing her to retreat into the woods, which Hunter becomes aware of a foreshock before the transformation, seeing Jordan's wolf eyes. In order to salvage her crush and return back to her normal self, Jordan must rely on Hunter to save her before it is too late. Hunter's occult-expert friends say that if Jordan stays a werewolf throughout a full moon night, she will remain living as a human who will transform into a werewolf & back for the rest of her entire life. The only way to lift the curse is to kill Jordan with a silver bullet, which Hunter refuses to carry out. As Hunter tries to find a way to reverse Jordan's curse, he stumbles onto Varcolac, who reveals to Hunter that she knows of Jordan's curse, and has once lived with a cursed being herself: Uncle Dragomir. She reveals to Hunter and Jordan that their Uncle Dragomir was the Wolfsberg Beast, a kind and gentle man who was a brilliant scientist and humanitarian; he researched a way to reverse the werewolf curse so that others wouldn't be forced to live the same cruel fate he had. He led an army of werewolves into a war many years ago when a clan of evil vampires attempted to rule the world; the werewolves took the victory and the Wolfsberg country became sacred land where the Wolfsberg Manor now stands. With Dragomir dead, Varcolac fears that the vampires will try to rule the world by killing Jordan. Jordan offers to have her become the new Wolfsberg Beast to protect the castle, but Varcolac says that only a blood-line werewolf can become the protector. The three of them go into town collecting supplies for the werewolf cure. As it turns out, Paulina is an evil vampire who wants to take over Wolfsberg Manor. It is revealed that she killed Uncle Dragomir and Jordan is next. She captures Jordan, Hunter and David, attempting to kill Jordan with a silver bullet. Hunter, desperate to save everyone, sights the full moon and begins stages of the transformation Jordan experienced for a few days in only a matter of seconds & becomes a werewolf . Hunter and Paulina battle for a while, Hunter calls Jordan by howling & Jordan returns to fight while Varcolac continues to finish the cure & notices the rising sun. Jordan & Hunter become aware of this & finally manage to vaporize the vampires by pushing them into the lights. Jordan saves Hunter from a blow by tackling Paulina & putting her into the sunlight. Everyone returns to Wolfsberg Manor and Varcolac cures Jordan of her werewolf curse minutes before the effects would become permanent. The lawyer in charge of Dragomir's estate allows Varcolac to continue working there, and gives the Sands the money they inherited from Dragomir . Hunter becomes the Wolfsberg Beast to take Dragomir's place, howling in werewolf form from a mountain outside the town during the Wolfsberg festival that honors him. The family returns to the U.S. where Jordan returns to school, more secure and confident, with a new fashion sense and worshiped by Tiffany and Ashley and dates Goran, who transferred to the school. David has also begun dating again having made sure that he has seen his latest date in the day. Unbeknownst to the Sands family, Paulina was not killed, but severely injured and in a body-cast, and moves in as the Sands' neighbor in the final scene. Before the credits roll, the characters of the film are seen doing a karaoke of the song "Baby One More Time."
