Goa's beach is being exploited by a big-wig in the society, named D.D. He runs a big Aashram on Goa's beach, and under this Aashram's mask, he runs his underworld. His underworld is the channel for drug-trafficking, which cashes upon the weakness of the youth. To investigate about this Aashram's dark secrets, Indian government appoints a CBI officer , who prepares a complete report on its activities, but is killed by D.D's men. When CBI officer never returns, CBI gets suspicious and sends another officer, who is Abhimanyu . Abhimanyu lands in Goa and meets D.I.G to inform him about his mission. But Goa police and CBI doesn't share good terms and D.I.G appoints 2 Sub Inspectors to follow and observe Abhimanyu. Meanwhile, Bhanupriya's brother becomes a drug addict, and to cure him she gets him admitted into a hospital.Hospital chief Ranganath meets Abhimanyu in a strange incident. When bhanu's brother tries to jump off the top floor of hospital, Abhimanyu saves him and thus meets bhanu. Being cluless about missing naga babu, Abhimanyu manages to enter into the aashram and exposes the secret activities carried out there. He witnesses drugs being exported in dead bodies. When Abhimanyu informs about these to D.I.G, he doesn't believe him, but on pressure he raides the aashram, but finds nothing, much to the shock of Abhimanyu. DD becomes more self-conscious and Goa police stop co-operating with Abhimanyu. Abhimanyu is attacked in many ways, and Goa police gets rid of him by sending him off in a ship. But Abhimanyu escapes and returns to goa, this time more determined to complete his mission. Abhimanyu realizes that ranganath is DD's right hand, and he sets a trap in which ranganath is killed by DD himself. He also succeeds in donating DD's money to homeless people's fund. D.D gets furious, and kidnaps chiru's mother. Abhimanyu informs this to Goa police, but they don't believe him. So, Abhimanyu himself as one-man army attacks the aashram, destroys it, rescues his mother and marries Bhanupriya. (
