The films begin with Major Ravi Mamman , in uniform, on hunt for two LTTE terrorists in Bangalore, who are on a mission to assassinate Indian prime minister during his visit to the city. In the run, he reaches out central minister K.K.Nair ([[Janardhanan , who is behind the assassination plot, to make a political coup. Nair tries to buy out Mamman, who refuses to. In an attempt to save himself, Nair shoots Ravi Mamman, but the bullet hits Susan, Mammans Girlfriend, who dies on the spot. Now a false case is fabricated by Nair on Ravi, of killing Susan, for which Ravi is court marshaled and is sent to jail. The story jumps to Dubai, with seven years passing by. Ravi Mamman is now a business tycoon, running a vast business empire over the Middle East. He is assisted by Chandran Nair , an over enthusiastic NRI, with wild instincts and a wild passion for gambling. Ravi mamman's sudden growth has been an eyesore to many, who are eagerly waiting for a chance to finish him off. Swaminathan , an accountant, who had been a fatherlike figure for Ravi, since his initial Dubai days, is now in deep financial trouble. He wins a suit in the court and gains several millions of Dirhams, but Victor Sebastian , his cunning attorney cheats him by joining hands with Kishan Narayan Bhatta , an underworld don from Mumbai. Victor, gets Swaminathan by getting him signed on several documents, which also includes transfer of several properties to his name. On questioning, he shoots down Swaminathan and his wife. Ammu , the daughter of Swaminathan, reaches Dubai from Bangalore, for the funeral of him, and is supported by Ravi Mamman, who vows her to get back her property. Kishan Narayan Bhatta tries many ways to resist Ravi Mamman. Kiran pothan Cheriyan , once subordinate of Ravi in Army, is now enjoying his fast life around the world and reaches Dubai. He, more into liquor and women, is but a pet of Ravi. Alice, the sister of Ravi is almost in love with Kiran, which he also reciprocates. Ravi Mamman, while coming to know about this relationship decides to make Kiran a responsible guy and hands him over the charge of business. This shocks Chandran Nair, who believes that Kiran will destroy his plans to own up the business in future. Kiran, on the other hand, suddenly transforms into a serious businessman, giving up his easy going attitude, as wished by Ravi. Ammu, slowly starts liking Ravi, who is in all efforts to defeat Kishan Bhatta. On a day, when Ravi flies to Mumbai, Chandran Nair asks Kiran to leave with Ammu to a safe home, far away in desert to escape from the goons of Bhatta. But, in reality, he had joined with Bhatta, and is about to kill both Kiran and Ammu. Though, they succeed in setting fire at the house, and take away Ammu, they fails in finishing off Kiran, who gets saved by an Arab servant. Ravi Mamman, on returning back in Dubai is shocked to hear the news, but in seconds realize that it was Chandran Nair, who was behind the plot. Ravi then is asked by Bhatta to reach his resort for a settlement, where he finds K.K.Nair, who is the brain behind Bhatta. K.K.Nair is killed in Delhi at his guest house by ravi secretly and flies back to Dubai to face Bhatta. Ravi, there succeeds in saving Ammu with the help of Kiran, thereby killing Victor and Chandran Nair. On way back, again, they are blocked by Kishan Narayan Bhatta, but in the violent fight that followed, Bhatta is killed by getting his head stuck between the fan of helicopter.
