The only brother ([[Ayub Khan of a young woman, Roopa , returns to Chandanpur to arrange her marriage. A festival is arranged in the happiness of Roopa's marriage, however Chandanpur's happiness is short-lived, as the village is raided by a group of terrorists. The leader of the terrorists, Gujjar, , murders the politician, and to make matters worse,Roopa's beauty catches the eye of Gujjar. However, as Gujjar attempts to escape with the terrified Roopa, her brother comes to her rescue, only to be slain, much to the horror of the village, especially Roopa. Also, her best friend, Gopal , is killed too, much to the dismay of Gopal's mother . Roopa, enraged by the fact that her brother and Gopal are no more, vows avenge. Gujjar threatens Roopa that she will only be his mistress and will never be able to have a brother nor lover. Enraged, Roopa attempts to commit suicide by jumping into a waterfall as she finds it better to kill herself rather than be a mistress. Destiny has other plans as Roopa survives and she steals the clothes of Kishan , a theatre actor. Kishan works with his best friend, truck driver, Shankar . When Kishan meets Roopa for the first time, he is smitten by her beauty and falls in love with her. Kishan decides to make Roopa the heroine of their dance show, however, Shankar warns him that Roopa will bring them in trouble. With no option, Roopa travels with them, and she tries to escape, but returns when chased by the gang and a drunk who tries to rape her. However, Roopa is saved by Shankar and Kishan. Roopa feigns love for Kishan, who wants to marry her, and the two men agree to help her return to Chandanpur. When Kishan is going to marry Roopa, who feels guilty over her betrayal, led, she tells them her story. Shankar becomes her brother, while Kishan, heartbroken, leaves in disgust. Roopa and Shankar return to Chandanpur, where Shankar mobilises the village. Another carnival is arranged. The villains' attack as planned. Kishan returns but Roopa is kidnapped. The friends give chase and are captured. Eventually good prevails and the outlaws meet a glory end. Roopa is united with her brother Shankar and her lover Kishan. At the end Kishan and Roopa get married and while driving the truck Shankar happens to meet Champakali Aishwarya Rai and Kishan and Roopa watch them.
