Alice L. Hardy , the only survivor of a murder rampage at Crystal Lake, is brutally murdered when Jason Voorhees stabs her in the temple with an ice pick after she discovers the severed head of Pamela Voorhees in her refrigerator. Five years later, a group of teenagers come to Camp Crystal Lake to reopen the site and set up a new camp. As Paul Holt , the head counselor, tells the story of Jason, one of his friends leaps out of the woods in an attempt to scare the counselors. After regaining their composure, Paul tells the counselors that Jason is dead. However, Jason, whose face is shielded by a burlap sack, is stalking them. While standing by a tree, Crazy Ralph is killed when Jason garrotes him with a chunk of barbed wire. Officer Winslow is next to be victim, and is killed with a set of claws from a hammer into his head. Jason then begins to attack and kill the counselors. He kills the troublemaker, Scott, by hanging him by his feet before slitting his throat with a machete. He then kills his female companion, Terry, off screen. A wheelchair bound counselor named Mark is killed by Jason, when he is struck with a machete in the face, and falls backwards in his wheelchair down a flight of stairs in the rain. With a spear in hand, Jason moves up to where lovers Sandy and Jeff are having sex. Sneaking into the room, he impales the couple with the spear going all the way through the bed and to the floor. An investigating Vicki is murdered with a kitchen knife into her stomach after she is slashed in her right leg. A survivor, Ginny Field ([[Amy Steel , is pursued by Jason into the woods and finds his shack containing a shrine to his mother with the severed and mummified head of Pamela Voorhees on top of the shrine, surrounded by numerous candles and mutilated corpses, including the body of the recently murdered Terry and, most gruesome of all, the decomposed body of the long dead Alice. When she hears him approaching, a frantic Ginny locks Jason out, but he breaks in wielding a pick ax. Ginny's quick thinking allows her to dress in Pamela's sweater and manipulate Jason's low intelligence to think she is his reincarnated mother long enough to kill him in a surprise attack and escape. Unfortunately, Jason wises up after he sees his mother's severed head, and attacks Ginny. Paul suddenly arrives, and wrestles with Jason. As Jason is about to kill Paul, Ginny drives a machete in Jason's shoulder allowing them to escape. They, armed with a broken pitchfork, hide in a cabin. While they are distracted over Terry's dog wandering in, a still alive Jason breaks in through a window, finally revealing his hideous, deformed face. After a time, Ginny later wakes in an ambulance with no recollection of how she escaped, leaving Jason on the loose and the ultimate fate of Paul unclear. The final shot shows Mrs. Voorhees' head showing that Jason's murderous rampage is not over yet.
