Guddu and Charlie are identical twins who have grown up in the streets of Mumbai. Both brothers have a speech impediment – Charlie has a lisp, while Guddu stutters in his speech. The film begins in medias res with a voice over narration by Charlie, who describes how he and his brother could never meet eye to eye, and Charlie's belief in taking shortcuts to fulfill his dream – to become a bookie at a horse racing course, where he currently works for three Bengali goon brothers in fixing races. He is especially close with the youngest of the three brothers, Mikhail , whom he considers to be even closer than his own biological brother. Charlie however, gets done in his quest to hit the big time when he bets Rs. 100,000 on a horse during a fixed race, only to be double-crossed by the jockey, losing all his savings in the process. He hunts down the jockey to an upscale hotel in the city and is craving to get his revenge. He refuses to heed his boss' orders to leave the hotel after delivering information of the jockey's whereabouts, and instead goes after the jockey himself. In a different room at the same hotel, two corrupt cop brothers – Lobo and Lele – kill three drug dealers and collect a guitar case containing Rs. 10 Crore worth of cocaine, to be delivered to drug lord Tashi . Charlie and his aide invade the jockey's hotel room, and start seizing his belongings and beating him up to make up for Charlie's lost money when the jockey's aide returns to hand him a gun, which sparks a gunfight and foot-chase that lasts all the way to the parking lot, where the two cops are now placing a guitar case in their van. Charlie and both of his aides seize the van in order to escape from the jockey's men, and soon realize that they have stolen a police vehicle. Charlie drives it to a remote location where he discovers the guitar case contains cocaine. Thinking of this as the shortcut that will lead to his dreams, he steals the guitar case, after an initial hesitation. The cops track down the van but discover that the guitar case is missing so they try to track Charlie down. Meanwhile, the happy, carefree life of young lovers Guddu and Sweety comes to a halt when Sweety reveals that she is pregnant with Guddu's child. She also reveals that she is the sister of crooked mob politician Sunil Bhope, and must get married to Guddu immediately. Guddu reluctantly agrees and they are married later that night. Bhope gets wind of his sister's actions and sends his cronies to apprehend the lovers. Bhope's men crash the wedding celebrations and after beating up Guddu, they realize that he is a migrant to Mumbai from Uttar Pradesh. This enrages Bhope, whose political party supports Maharashtra for Marathis, and Bhope orders his men to kill Guddu and bring Sweety back to his house so he can arrange a marriage for her. Sweety however, fights off her brother's gangsters and escapes with Guddu. Charlie informs Mikhail about the discovered drugs and both of them are overjoyed at the money they would earn from the deal, but when Charlie goes back in order to retrieve the case for Mikhail, Bhope and his men sit waiting inside, with Bhope looking for Charlie to reveal Guddu's whereabouts, as one of Bhope's footsoldiers had recognized Guddu as Charlie's twin brother. A drunk Mikhail interrupts their conversation, and for all the talk, he is murdered by Bhope, so as to convince Charlie that he means business. On the way to the airport, Guddu and Sweety have a nasty argument after Guddu realizes that Sweety had not only faked her identity, but also her own stammering in order to get close to Guddu. They briefly part, and after being spotted by the cops at a petrol bunk, Guddu is mistaken for Charlie and is arrested. He is assaulted by the cops who refuse to believe that he is Charlie's twin brother until Guddu's mobile rings. The call is from Charlie's number, where Bhope is on the line. The crooked cops and Bhope strike an exchange deal – Charlie in exchange for Guddu and Sweety. The deal is executed on a train. Guddu and Sweety are brought back to Bhope's house, where Bhope reveals that a local builder will pay him Rs.5 crores if he marries Sweety off to the builder's son, and he needs the money for the election. Guddu, remembering that the whole fracas is about the guitar case containing Rs. 10 crores worth of drugs, bargains with Bhope – Guddu will get Sweety if Guddu retrieves the guitar case for Bhope. Bhope sends Guddu and his men to retrieve the guitar case from Charlie's house. Charlie is assaulted by the two crooked cops who are desperate to find out about the guitar case, or else Tashi will be going after their heads. Realizing that they are in as much trouble as he himself is in, Charlie refuses to budge. However, in a freak accident, one of the cops accidentally shoots himself in the thigh, and Charlie uses the distraction to pick up a gun and make both cops his hostages. He makes a deal with Tashi – the guitar case for a payment of Rs.10 lakhs. He sends the injured cop and his aide to Tashi to deliver the details of the exchange, and heads back to his house to retrieve the guitar. Guddu arrives there with Bhope's men, totally unaware that Bhope has ordered his men to kill Guddu once the guitar case is obtained. Sweety hears about this double-cross and opens fire on the members of her household. When Guddu finally finds the guitar case he enters a fight with his brother in which they discuss the death of their father. Charlie lets Guddu go, and Guddu then goes to the police with the cocaine and is wired with electronic listening devices so the police can get evidence of Bhope's criminal acts. Guddu arrives at the Bhope residence about the same time as Tashi and his gang do too, with Charlie in their custody. Sunil Bhope and Tashi begin negotiating a trade for the drugs, but in a dramatic standoff, Charlie snatches the guitar case and threatens to destroy it if Guddu and Sweety aren't released. The two lovers escape just as the police arrive, leading to a melee of shooting in which the cocaine is all destroyed. Charlie's bosses show up looking for vengeance over the murder of their younger brother but are gunned down, along with Bhope and his men, Tashi and his gang. However, Charlie is also shot and wounded in the midst of the attack by one of the Africans. The film ends with Sweety giving birth to Guddu's twins and Charlie opening up his own bookie counter at the course, with his friend Mikhail's name. An elegant woman named Sophia, featured in Charlie's dream at the beginning of the movie, is now his fiancee and is wearing a diamond ring.
