{{plot}} Jung Su-Ji is a quiet, mysterious beauty; whenever she speaks to Na-Mi, it is always with disdain.Towards the end of the film, Na-Mi confronts Su-Ji and learns that Su-Ji’s stepmother is from Jeollado, the same city Na-Mi is from, making Su-Ji automatically biased against Na-Mi. The two make up after drinking soju, and crying out their frustrations together. Na-Mi is accepted into their group as their seventh member, after she unexpectedly proves herself against a rival group from a different school. Chiun-Hwa suggests naming their group; they settle on "Sunny", after a nighttime radio DJ responds to their letter on air. Back at the present time, Na-Mi returns to Chiun-Hwa's room and confirms it is indeed her high school friend. She learns that Chiun-Hwa became a successful businesswoman, but has terminal cancer with two months to live. Na-Mi’s husband calls, and informs her that he is on a two-month business trip. As Na-Mi leaves, she promises she will visit often; Chiun-Hwa then tells her she would like to see Sunny reunited one more time before she dies.<ref nameSeptember 2012|reason=do they reunite before the funeral or at the funeral?}} At Chiun-Hwa's funeral, Sunny , is reunited, but not every woman knows about each other's present struggles. As they are about to leave, Chiun-Hwa's lawyer walks in and asks them if they are Sunny. He reads Chiun-Hwa's will, which bequeathes that Na-Mi will be the leader of Sunny. Jin-Hee is given the position of vice-president; she looks disappointed because she expected something monetary. To that, the lawyer explains, "You are already rich" from Chiun-Hwa. He then reads that, for Jang-Mi, Chiun-Hwa had bought life insurance from her, and had made all the members of Sunny beneficiaries. Jang-Mi is elated that she will finally be number one in her sales for that month. To Geum-Ok, Chiun-Hwa offers her a position at her publishing company, with a chance to become company president if she doubles her sales. Chiun-Hwa leaves Bok-Hee a paid for apartment, so that she may live with her daughter. She also leaves her the ground floor of a building, with a large sum of money, so she can open a business. After the conclusion of the reading, the women reprise their high school choreography to "Sunny" by Boney M in front of Chiun-Hwa's funeral picture. As they celebrate, Su-Ji makes a surprise appearance.
