David Billa , a Sri Lankan refugee arrives at the city of Rameswaram in a boat. He is interrogated by a corrupt police officer before he is allowed to enter the refuge camp . At the shelter he befriends Ranjith and others. After a series of events the corrupt police officer Raghubir Sinha ([[Krishna Kumar conspires against them, but is eventually killed by Billa. Soon, Billa and Ranjith are made to transport fish from Rameshwaram to Chennai. But the fishes had diamonds hidden them and as per the plot they get caught in the check post . Soon after realizing what had happened he kills all the cops and delivers the fish on time to Selvaraj who recruits them for his illegal activities . He then goes back to meet his elder sister and her daughter Jasmine in a church. When they see his gun, they realize that he is involved in crime, and he is forced to leave the church. Kotiswara Rao comes to meet Selvaraj and expresses his grievances that he was unable to sell cocaine in Goa. Billa promises to sell it and sets out to meet a local thug who betrays them and one of Billa's friend gets killed in the process. Billa evades the scene with both the money and the cocaine. He goes to meet Abbasi in Goa who is the boss of Kotiswara Rao. He likes Billa and recruits him. He also introduces his girlfriend Sameera to him. After a party held at his club he receives a phone call from the Russian mafia led by Dimitri telling him that his arms consignment has been held by the Indian coastal guards and he asks for his help. Billa and Ranjith retrieve the consignment for him. Both are congratulated by Dimitri for their work. After Billa's sister dies, he brings back Jasmine with him to live in a big villa. Then he goes to Russia to meet Dimitri who happens to own an arms and ammunition manufacturing unit, with Kotiswara Rao where he signs a deal with Dimitri without the knowledge of Abbasi in presence of Jagdish ([[Rahman . Abbasi became furious and Kotiswara Rao adds fuel to the fire. Abbasi turns against Billa, and eventually gets killed by him in the series of events. Now Billa becomes the most powerful crime lord extending his business without any boundaries . Dimitri meets David Billa and asks him to provide a safe passage for the arms consignment through India. Billa denies it as his payment intended was very low . Angered by the wrath of David Billa he hires Kotiswara Rao, along with a government minister and his son to eliminate Billa . They conspire a plot to eliminate Billa and they kidnap Jasmine. Billa rescues her and he informs Sameera to come to the church to take Jasmine away to Malaysia to safety . But Sameera conspires against them and the goons with the minister's son arrive and held both Billa and Sameera captives. Billa is stabbed by one of the goons . After a verbal argument between them, the minister's son slits Jasmine's throat. Unable to witness the death of his love, Billa kills all the goons including the minister's son . Meanwhile in Russia, Dimitri is having an auction for sale and kotiswara Rao is also present with him . He shows his factory in his computer via a series of webcams and Billa is seen destroying his factory . He also sees his delivery train go off course . Angered with fear he kills Kotiswara Rao for not killing Billa as promised and he sets out himself to finish the task . The delivery train is blown by Billa and he encounters Dimitri on his helicopter. After an intense battle, Billa kills Dimitri by throwing him out of the helicopter. In the concluding scene, Billa and Ranjith board a plane to Malaysia, and the former's goons eliminate the rest of the conspirators including Sameera.
