Rohit and his kid brother Amit are orphans living with a Christian couple and . Rohit is an aspiring singer who works in a car showroom run by Malik. One day he meets Sonia Saxena, daughter of Mr.Saxena when he goes to deliver a car to her home as her birthday present. Unknown to everybody, Saxena and Malik are running a drug cartel with help of two police officers and . Saxena is called as "Sir Ji" by the trio. They see each other later that night when Sonia and her friends are having a party on the beach. After Rohit sings for her, Atul, Sonia's friend, invites him on a cruise to perform. With a turn of unpredictable events, Rohit & Sonia fall for each other. This is objected to by Saxena, who demands Malik to sack him. However, later he softens up a bit and challenges Rohit to do something big so that he can win back his love. Determined to prove himself, Rohit and his friends attempt to procure a record deal for him. Rohit eventually becomes famous, and prepares to put on a huge concert. On the evening of the show, Rohit goes to pick-up his younger brother Amit from school to take him up to show. He witnesses the corrupt policemen and Malik shooting down the Commissioner who has found out about their drug dealings. The policemen discover Rohit's presence and shoot at him. Rohit is chased by the policemen and falls into a river when his bike slips on a bridge. Rohit, who didn't know how to swim, drowns. Sonia learns about this, but everyone including her thinks that he died in an accident. Sonia goes into depression so her father sends her to New Zealand to her cousin Neeta to get over Rohit. When she reaches there she meets Raj Chopra in a club. He looks exactly like Rohit and is also a good singer. Raj falls for Sonia, but she cannot get over her feelings and his face only reminds her of Rohit. On learning her story, Raj decides to follow her back to India. But on reaching India, one of the corrupt officers spots them and opens fire on Raj. When both Raj & Sonia escape the firing, Raj realizes that somebody is mistaking him for Rohit. With this revelation, he and Sonia realize the truth. Raj is sheltered by Rohit's well wishers. Then, he unexpectedly learns that Amit witnessed Rohit's murder. Raj decides to set the trap for nabbing the killers, posing as Rohit. Only Sonia & Rohit's acquaintances know the truth. The villains panick on learning that "Rohit" is alive. Malik and the officers turn up incognito at the concert where Raj is performing. Here, Saxena learns the truth from Sonia. He warns Malik. But when Raj tells details about the day that only Rohit would have known, Malik assumes that Saxena is playing some double game. Malik kidnaps Sonia. Raj succeeds in killing the officers and rescuing Sonia, but she is taken aback by the fact that Malik is a villain. Just when Malik is about to tell the truth about Saxena as well, Saxena shoots him, feigning anger. Here, Amit tells Raj that the villains were talking to someone named Sirji over the phone. Raj finds Sirji's number in Malik's cell and makes a call. When Saxena's phone goes off, he understands everything. On being confronted, Saxena confesses up everything in front of Sonia and Raj. After everything is settled, Sonia and Raj go back to New Zealand, taking Amit with them. Raj and Sonia get engaged.
