Professor Varma discovers a hidden treasure belonging to Ratnagiri Dynasty, by his researching ancient books and maps. Professor Varma decides to achieve the treasure, by gathering a team of some brave people. Bhanu, a orphan cowboy robs a bank, but the loot is robbed by Raja, another orphan cowboy. After a horse chase and fight between them, they both become friends – after revealing their pathetic flashbacks. They both have the same lockets on their necks which are commonly involved in the flashbacks, and it is known that Bahadur was a common enemy who murdered their family members for the treasure secret. In a restaurant professor Varma gathers Mala Devi, a cowgirl after a fight. Raja and Bhanu visits a entertainment feat. In the show Gandadu on a horse ride throws some swords around his sister Sivangi who stands at a door. Pleased by the feat, Raja and Bhanu offers some money and jewelry for Gandadu and Sivangi. Bhanu identifies a culprit who wears the locket which resembles his locket, but the culprit escapes. Raju and Bhanu purchases revolvers in a gun shop. Gandadu and Sivangi saves Raja and Bhanu from the police capture. Professor Varma gathers Mruta Sanjeevaraidu, a famous Ayurvedic doctor for the treasure hunt. Raja and Bhanu escapes from a bar and are joined with Professor Varma, Mala Devi and Sanjeevaraidu. Raja and Bhanu are surprised that professor Varma knows the secret of treasure. Raja and Bhanu reveals their flashbacks to professor Varma. Sivangi is abducted by some men to capture Gandadu, for the treasure secret. Gandadu tries to redeem his sister Sivangi from but he is captured by a net. The men tortures Gandadu and Sivangi for the treasure secret. They both are saved from the torture by the team of Varma. Gandadu and Sivangi welcomes the team to their village in the forest for a dance function. Professor Varma finally forms a team with Raja, Bhanu, Mala Devi, Mrita Sanjeevaraidu, Gandadu and Sivangi as members for the treasure hunt. The team, along with Anji starts its journey for the treasure into a dense forest. In the meanwhile Bahadur rides the house of Professor Varma and knows the place of treasure. In the forest, the team is captured by some ferocious tribes. They are tied to the trees with ropes. Bhanu is loved at first sight by Vasaka, a tribal girl. The team comes to know that they are going to be scarified to the goddess. Vasaka is assured by the tribal head that she can marry Bhanu, provided if Bhanu wins in sword fight against another tribal man. Bhanu wins the sword fight and Vasaka is married to him. In the wedding night, Bhanu pleads Vasaka to help his team escape from the sacrifice. At that night, Vasaka arranges a program for the silent team escape, but in the horse chase she is killed by the pilums. At one place, the team dismounts the horses and starts journey by walk. Mritasanjeeva raidu eats an egg which puts him in temporal misbehavior, but he is saved by the team with few herbal remedies. The team rests at a place, where Sivangi falls in love with Raja. Gandadu dislikes the union of his sister Sivangi with Raja. He fights with Raja and accepts the union when Sivangi tries to commit suicide. One night Mrita Sanjeevaraidu and Mala Devi tries to steal the secret map of treasure from Professor Varma. Mruta Sanjeevaraidu kills Anji who try to stop him going. Next morning the team finds Anji killed. Mrita Sanjeevaraidu is taken away by the men of Bahadur for the map. Mala Devi is found unconscious at a stream by the team. The team finds a stupendous cave entrance resembling a monstrous head. The team goes into the dark cave through the mouth of monstrous head. In the cave they descend into a hole which leads to a hall of treasure. The team finds the treasure chest in huge box and escapes out with it. Gandadu hides the treasure chest at a place and brings his tribes for help. Outside of the cave Mruta Sanjeevaraidu awaits along with Bahadur. The team is captured at the cave by Mruta Sanjeevaraidu and Bahadur. Bahadur reveals that he killed Varma's two friends who are fathers of Raja and Bhanu, in knowing the secret of treasure. Sivangi and Mala Devi are tortured by Bahadur men to make Gandadu come to the place. Gandadu comes with his army and rescues the team. Bahadur and Mrita Sanjeevaraidu finds the treasure chest in bushes and tries to escape with it. The movie ends with the team taking the treasure chest after killing Bahadur and Mrita Sanjeevaraidu.
