The Stooges are "recruited" by a college to drum up publicity for the college's football team by being dressed up as football players. Meanwhile, the owner of a professional football team, Joe Stacks, has to find three new players for the next game. One of Joe's girlfriends soon meets the Stooges and confuses them for real college football players known as "The Three Horsemen" (a parody of the "[[Four Horsemen . The Stooges go back to her house and meet the girl's two friends. After squirting each other with nightcap bottles, everyone decides to play the game "Blind man's buff." The Stooges are blindfolded and walk around trying to find the girls. Just at that moment, Joe and his two henchmen walk in. They punch out the trio and then chase them around the house. One of the women finally explains that the three strangers are actually "The Three Famous Horsemen," and Joe offers them money to play for him. Naturally, the trio have not a clue how to play football. Their first game turns into a fiasco. Realizing that they have been swindled, the three managers turn their revolvers on the Stooges, hitting them on the buttocks as they attempt to flee. Moe Howard once called Three Little Pigskins "a humdinger of bangs and bruises,"<ref name Howard| first Moe Howard| coauthors Moe Howard and the Three Stooges| publisher 1977, rev. 1979| location 79, 81| url | id 0-8065-0723-3}} as it marked the first time the Stooges flatly refused to perform a stunt. In the film, during the game the boys are stopped by photographers to pose for a picture, when the football players then tackle them. The football players were real college football players, and the Stooges were afraid of being hurt. Larry Fine, the smallest and lightest of the three, told director Raymond McCarey, "Look, we can't do this scene. We're not stuntmen and if one of those gorillas falls on us, we'll never be able to finish the picture. We've never used stunt doubles before but we certainly need them now." Moe Howard dryly agreed with McCarey, saying "You're darn right we won't get hurt. We're not doing the scene."
