Emily Lindstrom , an aspiring 14-year-old violinist, spends her summer practicing for an audition to get into the InterMountain Youth Symphony Orchestra while her two best friends, Laurel and Jenny, go off to camp. She also runs a secret-keeping business, in which other children give her fifty cents to tell her a secret, which she promises to keep; this is a talent that she is normally very good at. Meanwhile, her parents are expecting another child and seem to care more about it than Emily. New neighbors move in next door, including Philip . During the move, he accidentally breaks a valued chess piece and is caught by Emily as he attempts to bury it in the front garden. He pays her fifty cents to keep his deed a secret, and to hide the piece in her treasure trunk . When Philip decides to join Emily in an afternoon tea session using her family's expensive china, they accidentally break two of the teacups. Emily is faced with the challenge of keeping her own secret and having someone else know about it. Meanwhile, as Philip begins falling for her, his brother David enters the picture. He had been at tennis camp, but was sent back home because he allegedly got drunk and was involved in a car accident. Philip tells her this family secret in exchange that she tells him a secret about her greetings with her friends. She starts getting upset, and says that a person who drinks and drives will do it again, before storming off. She then starts to lose her secret-keeping talent as she falls for David. He also begins falling for her, which makes Philip jealous. During her mother's baby shower, David tries to talk to Emily, and she reveals that she knows how he was expelled from tennis camp. After, she goes to get her violin from the roof and tumbles to the ground, necessitating a trip to the hospital. While she is there, her mother gives birth to her sister Grace. Everyone is by Emily's hospital bed except David, who is eavesdropping behind the curtain. Her friends ask if her sister looks like she did when she was a baby, and she reveals that she is adopted. Her birth parents were killed while driving in a car when she was 10 months old after being struck by a drunk driver, and she considers it a miracle that she lived. The driver spent one year in prison and barely a month after being released, crashed into someone else's car and killed himself. Upon hearing this, David feels very guilty and understands why she despises him so much. After she is released from the hospital, she and Philip return all of the paper bags to her clients. To thank him, she kisses him on the cheek. Then David appears, and she kisses him on the lips.
