She's in for a wild ride, when Jean Madison , a WAVE ensign, meets the crew of an Army Air Corps A-20 Havoc light bomber named Cynthia. The men are living high as members of the "52-20 club," a program in which unemployed American veterans receive $20 unemployment benefits for 52 weeks.{{cite web}} When receiving her own cheque, Jean meets their leader, Jimmy Stevens , who recruits her. Jimmy has proven his men are looking for work with a classified ad, "Combat Crew for hire; eager and willing to drop bombs", but has had no offers in post-war America. Jimmy shows her how to avoid the cheque-cashing fees by opening an account with a bank where she is rewarded with a ceramic piggy bank, which they take to the pawn shop for some more money. Jean learns that her fiancée, Henry, is not waiting for her as expected. All she wants to do is get on the bus back home to Walla Walla. But things aren't quite that simple. The crew is summoned to juke box king Peter Pedigrew's office. Pedigrew has private detectives following Jean and the crew. He threatens to put them to work, ending their idyllic lifestyle, unless they keep Jean with them until her fiancée Henry arrives. Pedigrew explains that his ex-wife Shirley intends to marry Henry. But the only way Pedigrew can remain solvent is to remarry Shirley, for the third time, and stop paying her alimony. So, he wants the crew to get Henry and Jean back together. Reluctantly they agree, under duress; they take the "Admiral" under their wing. The gang lives free and luxuriously in an empty aircraft factory, where Jimmy is a night watchman. Eddie, artfully makes their furniture out of aircraft parts and other war surplus. They get their meals discounted, for stale stock, or in trade, as when Mike ([[Steve Brodie stands in for the lifeguard at a private club. Former taxi driver Ollie drives them around in a sound truck, from a local music store. Jimmy's fast-talking even gets them a ride on a speedboat for an ocean jaunt. Jean, whom the gang has nicknamed "The Admiral,” is amazed, then disgusted by their spending more effort thinking of ways to avoid work than being productive members of society. However, she discovers that they are living a dark secret. Jimmy feels guilty for Mike's injuries when their plane crashed during the war. Jimmy, the former head of an employment agency, will not res, until all his crewmembers have resolved things. Jimmy even takes Mike's place in a boxing match, since the injuries could kill Mike, though Jimmy has never been inside a ring in his life before. In the end, Pedigrew catches up with Shirley, Henry is waiting for Jean, and Eddie realizes he needs to go home to find out if his girlfriend will love him, even if he is poor. Finally, Pedigrew agrees to set up Mike and Ollie in business. So, that only leaves Captain Jimmy, finding he's in love with the Admiral, just as she's about to ship out. It's been a wild ride; but, it's not over, yet.
